7154-Improve-testdir-documentation-on-makefiles (#7239)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/7154.improvement.rst

> Testdir now keeps track of created file paths, updated Testdir documentation to reflect overwritten files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Testdir.created_files`` returns a ``Set`` of paths created by ``make*file`` family of methods.
```

But I'm curious, what's the use case for this new property?
